# Data-Visualization-Hackathon
Status of Nursing Home Resources
The goal of this hackathon is to analyze the nursinghome data provided by the Center for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services(CMS) and create visualizationsto communicate theresource constraints faced by the nursing homes. DataUse the data provided byCMS. The link includes thedata file, and variable description.The dataset has 660K rows and 120 columns. After navigatingto the data sourceselect “Export” button on the top right and download the CSV file
Tasks
1.Visualize the distribution of number of nursing homefacilities by state andcounty
2.Conduct a facility and county level analysis on shortageof aides, clinical staff,nursing staff and other staff (define the followingmetric for this analysis:number of weeks the shortage was experienced). Visualize how this metric changes by facility and county. Show the top 10 facilitiesthat face theafore mentioned shortages. In addition show visualizationsto compare the differ  ences between aides, clinical staff, nursingstaff and other staff shortagesat a national level.
3.Conduct a facility and county level analysis on oneweek supply of eyeprotection, gloves, hand sanitizer, N95 masks, surgicalmasks, and ventilatorsupplies (define the following metric for this analysis:number of weeks thesupply shortage was experienced). Visualize how thismetric changes byfacility and county. Show the top 10 facilities thatface the aforementionedsupply shortages. In addition show visualizationsto compare the differencesbetween one week supply of eye protection, gloves,hand sanitizer, N95 masks,surgical masks, and ventilator supplies at a nationallevel.
4.Conduct a facility and county level analysis on thenumber of beds available,and the ratio of number of ventilators dedicated forCOVID-19 to the totalnumber of ventilators available in a facility. Highlightthe top 10 facilities andcounties where the aforementioned ratio is high.
5.Analyze how the metrics given in task 2, 3, and 4change with respect to time(weeks).
